Well done.
Why are you here?
It's not because of you.
I'm here because I'm like that.
They want to find out through Xiao Yijun who is cooperating with Xiao Jianshan.
Remember to tell me this kind of thing in the future.
I can handle it all by myself.
I know you are so powerful that you can handle it all by yourself,
But from now on you will not fight against me alone.
Remember, you are my wife.
What are you doing?
That, here you go.
This is...
I originally wanted to go in and save you.
I didn’t expect you to do it all by yourself.
Consider this a gift to you.
What's this?
I just bought the ownership of this restaurant.
What does it have to do with me and buying a restaurant?
After buying this restaurant, the inside
No matter what happens, fights hurt people
It's all our Jiang family's business
You are really approachable and respectful.
From now on it's all yours
It's going to be a dog's eye